[DEVDOCS-5777]: [revise]  Storefront, Checkout SDK, Fix links that route to wrong docs (#151)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/stencil-docs/customizing-checkout/checkout-sdk-example.mdx

# Checkout SDK Tutorial

> This tutorial assumes you are familiar with the Checkout SDK. If you are unfamiliar with the Checkout SDK, refer to [Getting Started with Checkout SDK](/docs/stencil-docs/customizing-checkout/checkout-sdk.mdx) to get some general information.

Reviewer: I tested the links and /docs/stencil-docs/customizing-checkout/checkout-sdk.mdx doesn't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial assumes you are familiar with the Checkout SDK. If you are unfamiliar with the Checkout SDK, refer to [Getting Started with Checkout SDK](/docs/storefront/cart-checkout/checkout-sdk) to get some general information.
```

> In this tutorial, we will create a custom checkout using a checkout loader file, building on the steps from the [Getting Started with Checkout SDK](/docs/stencil-docs/customizing-checkout/checkout-sdk-example.mdx) article. This tutorial will outline how to package a custom checkout file and install a custom checkout using the control panel.

Reviewer: New link is not working.
